Proxy integrations support (#30)
fingerprintjs/fingerprintjs-pro-flutter: README.md

void doInit() async {
  await FpjsProPlugin.initFpjs('<apiKey>');
  await FpjsProPlugin.initFpjs('<apiKey>', endpoint: 'https://subdomain.domain.com');
  await FpjsProPlugin.initFpjs('<apiKey>', region: Region.eu);
}
```

> For web platform it is additional `scriptUrlPattern` property as for JavaScript Agent. You should use it for proxy integrations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the web platform, you can use an additional `scriptUrlPattern` property to specify a custom URL for loading the JavaScript agent. This is required for proxy integrations.
```
